welcome to my unboxing of the a zo k
b-17 8rt mini thumb keyboard so as you
guys may or may not know if you've
watched a few my videos I'm kind of a
fan of keyboards and mice and pointing
devices that make life easier with
immediacy because I'm one of these seven
people in the world who actually has one
so actually no there's more than seven
but you know so okay so let's have a
look at this guy
compact form factor designed
specifically for home theater pcs easy
navigation using the built-in optical
trackball now that's cool
eight dedicated multimedia hotkeys
including all the ones you can see here
you can read them if you really care 2.4
gigahertz RF technology provides up to
30 feet and wireless range that's not
bad because I have actually run into
products that I haven't been able to get
to work properly from the couch which is
ridiculous okay so rechargeable
batteries included awesome scissor key
caps architecture makes typing silent
stable uncomfortable scissor keys are
not necessarily the most durable but as
they pointed out they are very quiet so
there's that going for it compatible
with Windows 7 comes with a mini USB
dongle built-in trackball with
left-handed mouse buttons and let's open
this bad boy up oh it's actually smaller
than I thought when I saw the size of
the box I thought I was gonna be like oh
how am I gonna reach the middle keys but
it's actually much much smaller than
that slacker meets the middle keys just
fine cool okay so here we go oh no way
it comes with actual rechargeable nickel
metal hydride batteries look at that
like you know how normally when
something says comes with rechargeable
battery I was even thinking I was like
oh well what about when the battery runs
out what am I gonna do with like some
proprietary internal battery keyboard
I'm not gonna be able to use my computer
no way comes with rechargeable triple
A's BAM I just got damned by Ezio
because they were all like yeah we
thought of that huh cool ok comes with
wow they weren't kidding when they said
I like mini USB receiver they get that
stuck in the port no you kiddin but
okay and then there's your charging
cable so that's pretty cool so you plug
that into a new USB port you plug that
into one of your other USB ports you
throw these guys into the keyboard
itself so let's go ahead and do that now
okay you got your pairing button you got
your on/off button you can turn it off
if you don't want to waste your battery
let's go ahead and see if we can get
that in there yeah okay so there it is
so let's have a look at what we think of
the overall overall build - this guy
so can we type on it with our fingers
not really okay so when they call it a
thumb keyboard they really do mean it
the spacebar
even with my smallish hands so guys bear
in mind my hands are not very big here
Slick's hand for for context see that's
the size of my hand compare just like
that so they're safe okay so remember
that so even with my small hands I can
easily reach the spacebar with both with
both hands okay so my home row keys are
where are they yeah they're here and
here right yeah my home row keys are not
quite centered it's a bit of a pet peeve
for me personally for thumb keyboards I
wish it was a little bit over here but
they're not as far off as the one that
I'm using now which really bugs me
because it's like not even close so it's
like over here like something stupid
like that
okay so home row keys are fairly easy to
reach as well I can reach escape I can
reach backspace very easily enters here
one shift key I wouldn't have minded
seeing two shift keys that would have
been better if there's one over here but
I can see why they made that change
because they had to put in the arrow
keys they had to put them somewhere and
I don't really see what other options
they have because what else is cool
about this is check this out it has
almost everything it's got your caps
lock it's got this haven't no it doesn't
have a number pad but it's got your f8
keys they're all built in with a
function key it's got like dedicated
bracket keys so you can type almost
anything with this thing without any
challenges you've also got a battery
life indicator and something about
rechargeable batteries so I don't know
what that would actually indicate but
then you've got a bunch of media buttons
as well and here are your left and right
click buttons so this is an optical
trackball let's find out how well it
works so yeah that's just let's see how
quickly we can get it going out of the
box ok so plug the thing into the thing
make sure my hold on don't worry at the
computer yet I need to make
I don't have anything inappropriate up
on my speed okay that we're good and
installing device driver USB composite
device RF dongle I'm gonna stand over
here so that I'm kind of under the light
so you guys can see the keyboard
somewhat searching Windows Update I'm
gonna press the pairing thing now to see
if that does anything it's kind of
recessed tough to press actually oh yeah
when in doubt just use a knife okay
so the claims it's ready to use on the
computer side anyway so let's press the
home button
what's the home button gonna do okay
maybe I should actually open something
and try to type let's see if it's
working yet nope not yet okay ooo I
didn't turn it on haha okay let's bring
back the knife see this is the kind of
stuff that goes on off-camera sometimes
so I'm being very brave when I actually
work on things on camera with you people
because as you can clearly see I'm not
actually that good at using computer
stuff there we go
it's working okay so let's take like
hello world Hey
oh did I accidentally hit the out I did
shoot I accidentally hit the eye okay
come back face hello world very usable
so if you just want to Google something
or whatever else then that's qu and
let's oh let's try the trackball okay
hey that's actually not that hard to use
check this out so I'm gonna go and I'm
gonna save this particular document and
I'm gonna put it in my Starcraft 2
folder because that makes a lot of sense
go ahead there this is very very usable
cool okay so that's the idea of thumb
keyboard thank you for checking out my
unboxing your first look and don't
forget to subscribe to Linus tech tips
from unboxings reviews and other
computer videos of things that actually
include rechargeable triple-a batteries
the crap has never seen this before